[Music]
Ok here we Go
But you are
[Music]
Donkey
Kong Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong He's the leader of the
bunch you know him well He's Finally back to ki
some ta his Coconut gum can
and sps If he shoots It's
G heer faster ander to
the d
Crew Donkey Kong is
here Donkey
Kong Don Kong
[Music]
so Listen up can shink si to su
herir and Climb up tre if you choose her
not choose wrong  with the skip a H She's
One Donkey
[Applause]
[Music]
Kong Donkey Kong is
[Applause]
here Donkey Kong
Donkey Kong is here has no Style he has no Grace Face he
can hand
when he needs to and stretch his
Arms out Just for you inflate himself
just like a balloon this Crazy Just digs
hisun Donkey Kong Donkey Kong
is
here Donkey
Donkey
[Music]
oky
Kong Donkey
[Music]
Kong Donkey Kong He's Back  Again and
about time to and this Time  He's in the
mo he Fly real H with his Jetpack G with
his pistols out He's One tough he'll
Make You Smile when he his Tun but klin
beware He's after
you Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is here Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong
is He's here for you It's The Last
member of the dk Crew this so strong it
isn't funny make ain Cry out for mmy ca
n't pick up a b with rel
Crush ro seem such
[Music]
What's up [ __ ]
Okay [ __ ] I'm so late man
forgive me it's just that we were having
a laugh today to
die of fun okay You know we
have to share and Well I think
today I've fulfilled eh I mean because I've
been with the family all day I've
been I've gone to grandma's town
we went to see grandma she made me
a potato omelet I've gone through
the lining of the balls today the diet
like this grandma's potato omelet
is respected okay The diet God will say
and in the morning
well noon  I recorded a video that
is very very beastly I don't know if the
kids are going to be very interested in the
video The truth is because it is a case that is being
dealt with especially in
telesalseo okay it is the case of Anabel
Pantoja but it is true that on the
main channel we have made a few
videos that are good, I mean they are
working well it is a topic that is
moving a lot and since that topic was
moving it on the main channel you already
know that I like to have like let's
say the video of the context no I mean to
follow up on the
case So tomorrow I don't know what time the
eclipse will have it because today Saturday the
truth is that I am being a real pain in the ass
today and I don't know what time the eclipse will have it
but tomorrow there is a video about the
Anabel Pantoja case then I have to record
another one that has done me good is that I
have two others I mean I have a ton of
content that I don't know how we are going to manage
to get it out in the next few days
because it is already accumulating and we are
a bit late
even tomorrow that one of Anabel comes out
if not today if I can hold out today before
going to bed if not tomorrow When  I woke up I have to
record
one about a topic that is very viral I
have another one by
Michelo that I have to put in too and let's
see if I record it tomorrow or the day after
too but apart from that we have the
rewind Oriana how are you You look beautiful
Hey how strong we started Hey but how
beautiful you are no Riana honestly
honestly what beautiful followers
I have damn with how ugly I
am the rewind that we are going to fix it I
mean the rewind We are giving it a little
review okay And the rewind is going to be uploaded
taking advantage of the Well those little
mistakes that I didn't finish squaring off we are
not going to polish them and the rewind is going to be
uploaded I hope this week okay I will [ __ ] you up I will
put it in the group and
such so that everyone at the premiere and give it
a push okay and give it a push like
the one I gave to yours I'm joking I'm joking I'm joking I'm joking
and apart from the
rewine Javi be careful
Ricky Eddy got into the Setup What are you saying
Go suck Go suck it [ __ ]
Go  to suck the [ __ ] that's why I do
n't want to come here your honor
respects me
how disgusting man really the wizard of the
balls I said it okay the r is going
up this week with those arrangements No and those
those arrangements that I would have liked to have
done that day I went running
also my fault I'm an idiot and all no and
the New York blog man the
New York blog I don't think it will get many
visits the New York blog on my channel
right I hope so because
the truth is click that eclipse was sending me the truth is that they are cool it is becoming cool but the New York blog I said it the other day and I say it again I need reinforcements eh I mean don't piss me off telling me here in the chat
yo yo yo if you don't write to me by
email I don't even remember or I don't know how
pretty you are Oriana really 20 other
members aunt 20 other members Oriana Thank you
very much I need above all
someone who makes
very cool shorts for the salsería and for
telesalseo one short a day or two already  yeah, we'll
see, right? And also cheap, cheap,
okay. And maybe I'll do it. Well, we'll
talk about it, we'll talk about it in private,
okay, Javi, the glasses or the cap, one of the
two, whatever the hell you feel like.
But when is that? It's like when
I was the neighborhood punk and my girlfriend said,
no, no, no. Either a low-cut top or a miniskirt,
eh,
that's what I used to say to my girlfriend, eh, when I was a
kid, eh, you [ __ ] redneck. Hey,
Adrian, a kiss, you [ __ ] redneck. Hey,
what I had to do, not let her go out,
what the [ __ ] is with a miniskirt, sanity, a
kiss. Good afternoon, take off your
glasses, you know what? I'm going to take off my
pants and rub it in you. Hey, it's just
that you're making me get edgy here, damn, I'm
coming from happiness, I'm coming from emotions on
telesalseo.
And it's that here you always make me do it, do it,
man. Okay, let's get to the gossip, let's get to the
gossip, I have a lot, a lot, a lot of
things to talk about, and the truth is that I don't
know where to start because over here,
Luare is sending me something, but  I
understand luare that the order doesn't matter No
because I thought I would find out about
yesterday's
discussion let's see It turns out that my grandfather
what the hell is
going on another Ofelia Ah no the other one was
Oriana [ __ ] It's that I have so many girls
here that if Lorena finds out the
truth is very funny
Ofelia Thank you very much but well it's that I have
n't even started and I've already won 60 super
chat the truth is that chill the truth is that I'll
tell you a couple of jokes and
I'm off no Ah Oriana Thanks for becoming a
member it's good it's good that you
gave away 40 and don't become a member eh
Ricky what do you think of the legendary taming to
the discussion by FR Well then let's see in all
honesty in all honesty they
told me that yesterday the grandfather let's see I saw
a piece but it was already heavy and I saw
almost the end because yesterday I was all
afternoon with my
Leo Lorena came out and I was alone with
Leo all afternoon and then I almost didn't
go on the internet more than for a
while you know Twitter keep an eye on
things  I had
scheduled no, yesterday a couple
of videos were uploaded that were
scheduled and what happened was that
Bibi was left drinking the last one and fell asleep he was
staying here on the couch and it was about
10:30 or 11 and I was also exhausted
I was also exhausted so what I
did was boom I went to bed what's
happening I got a dick in the face or
rather we both went boom to sleep what's
happening I got a dick in
the face at like 3 in the morning
Hey, thank you very much I'm seeing that you
're giving away a lot of them I
got like a dick in the face at 3
in the afternoon at 3 in the morning So like that boom
dick in the face awake of course at it
was about 2 or 3 I don't remember
but Fran was like in the party already but
almost like the last piece And then
today I saw on Twitter I don't know if I can
find it like they were
uh messing with them
all these accounts and so on Oh I'm not
going to
find it Oh I'm not going to find it luare can
you
please look for me a click there in
Dallas talking about the
hitmen please Let's
see Look if they're messing with they're
messing with these people with those from
the discussion
because why didn't I refute Frank and the
same thing that they apparently have said
in their videos that I don't know what it is it's not
for nothing but because I haven't had
time evidently here we've seen
some opinions and so on eh Fran I
was like very pissed off especially with
cell phone I remember The other day when it
went up but I don't know what it was
exactly I think it was something like he
ate some little lie from
miar's videos and so on but I don't know
exactly what no And then Javi the
canine and all these people
well the cell phone chat That's because I
was watching it Good night Javi a
huge hug from Chile H my Chilean
wale don't let me forget please
remind me because the other day We
forgot man let's see if we  we hit for 7 hours it's
not that I forget it's that I pretend to
forget eh that the cell phone chat dude they
were putting them all I mean at the
moment that they come out
the hate that they want them to hate
Dallas and me it's at the moment that they
say good things about me or they have good
vibes with me or whatever dude I mean
Look those who came to tell me that
Frank didn't do a whitening on Dallas
were
deaf and this thing about statues is like they
weren't refuting anything
to
Fran a thing like that that it's like from the side I
mean looked at from above that you
hit him hard and you kill him it's that it's
a thing that you say that he
wrote those messages that I believe
but let's see what he said that he's going to
slit the throat of I don't know who on the internet a
kiss to daque to serve to serve Hey but
Hey but today there are many
beautiful women coming out here what is this I
believe that you
do Of course yes but it's that at 20
years old We have all said bur who hasn't
said you leave me your girlfriend I'm going to commit
suicide to me  they've told me they've
told me [ __ ] that was so ugly eha
see it now And you say [ __ ] kid
But how ugly was that eh He told me
A girlfriend told me a
girlfriend told me she pulled me out the
window and said Look can you hear this is
the
street suf but well those are things of
age let's see of course it's 20 years old
really But if at 35 I was still
kind of stupid right I was kind of done I
told you a lot of things these people wrote everything
lived everything did everything and it's
normal because at 20 19 21 22
you are [ __ ] in many things and you are
very advanced in others but damn you have to
put it in context and it's not like saying Hey
Dallas is a saint he's not a saint
but you can't tell him he's an
animal abuser because of that or you have to
be very dirty what this girl did
with him with him with the cam someone tell
Javi that Ricky hacked his channel
and went live it's not
funny it's not funny it's not funny  The
dog thing was funnier idiot
As soon as I saw the photo I said but that's
why did Dasas take that photo Look there's one
thing that when years ago is that
I see it
[Music]
so You know what happens no I haven't
made a video in the main I don't think I will
do it okay at the moment I haven't even gone
into depth with this subject because it's like
already very very charred you know but it's that I
see it from the outside that when I
see you know some things from the outside I
see it so I mean the dog beatings let's
see what What size are we
talking about that the greyhound was At that
moment I understand that it's an
exaggeration when talking on
WhatsApp
and that's what Fran is saying I mean
what beatings are you going to give to a kitchen
like that how are you going to give a 5 month old puppy a beating in a
kitchen like that I mean
you're going to
ruin it for years there wasn't much information
about reptiles and people went into
reptile forums okay the first thing
you learn in one the chameleon thing maybe
Fran is already explaining to you the symptoms it
has how was it no  and what
happened to the
Chameleon may seem shady to you, maybe not
the fact that there is a
photo of the dead chameleon circulating, but it
's like at that moment you are not
aware of the reach that you are going to have and
that a decade later someone is going to
take the same photo that you are sending,
maybe Look what I
found in my house when I arrived
Look how I found the chameleon
when I arrived, you are not going to
think for a moment about the reach that the
photo is going to have a decade later Or does
a reptile forum not make sense, it's that if
you take a photo, you take a
photo and you send it to people so they can
show you It's that for me to refute this, eh, it
's not a question of laziness but rather a
question of whether next year they will bring it out
again, maybe this
right now came out a little more and maybe
not next year, but
next year or the year after they will bring it out again, the
same topics again, like new, you know,
as if they hadn't already spoken to you,
clipped, eh, what  This is what happens, what does
n't happen, that photo you see it and you say,
that's eg bonding, okay, egg bonding, it is, I already
explained it in the video, you've
all heard it again, okay, it's very
clear, very clear what a
Chameleon that is 4 years old is, mind you, taking care of
a Chameleon for 4 years or c, question,
eh, what
excuse, what excuse can I give to
ask you for a goal? Now here in the
kids' room
because, of course, in telesalseo
the goal has been met, eh, of 50 bucks,
but 50, but here, here, I'm going to
put it at 2 euros because there are a lot of people
who at this time, Zlatan, obviously,
and I'm going to set the goal. But what
excuse do I give, what excuse do I give? I'm
hungry, so he
stops it, so he stops it, Fran. No, yes, he stops it.
[Applause]
Francito,
approach order. Hello, come on, kids, how are you
dancing? Everything is good, Javi. I'm sending you a
huge kiss. Thank you, Jessica, very kind, darling,
says Andy. Pay for the answer to Ricky.
Andy tua has made me, I mean, literally.
This is what I'm going to pay.  eh For the
answer to Ricky
So your problem has been Andy you're
the one who put a price on this, come on,
mess with your boss no no but how come no no no no
but how come at her but it's that
apart I think they're going to reach the objective
Hi Javi can you give us an exclusive
Fran de la jungla was my grandfather's boyfriend
that's why all this resentment towards
the lgtbq collective
Plus [ __ ] I forgot to put the
exclusive music I hope they don't steal
the
clip you see Oriana corazón something like that that it's
like from the side or rather looked at from
above that you hit him hard and you kill him I mean it's
something that you say that he
wrote those messages that I
believe it look at you what they want Franky
the commentators to say that Dallas is an
abuser They have already criticized things
that Dallas has done wrong but it's not
enough for them it has to be a
serious crime Yes
Yes
exactly but they have said more or
less the same thing that Fran is saying or they have contradicted
him a lot Fran I
mean his videos be it Clear if the
complaint here suddenly  is that they do not
refute anything to Fran it is because it is very
different from what he said for whatever reason Thank you Thank you
Thank you Andy for
leaving me so cheap the answer to Ricky
Okay thanks really it is always good to
have colleagues for that Sasuke Welcome
to the family who said that he is going to
slit the throat of I don't know who on the internet I
believe that you have Of
course but it is that at 20
years old We have all said bur it is as if you
take literally what daas is going to
slit the throat of I don't know
who c more than anything if he refuted something
but they let well let's
see well that over here they were giving him
a little Cane Look Fran saying
last night that animals have no
feelings Oh yes I would like to
show you a clip Thank you very
much jiana Thank you very much Yes I would like to
show you a clip on which the stutter
was based
But wait because they sent it to me
and I think I have it here in the
md I think it is this eh And then for
this extract to close this
extract I think that the
stutter based would be good eh but I am going to have to
turn up the volume a little because they have
recorded me a  a little regulinchi
this one for these weird little accounts
is the only one that I'm going to dedicate to them and from
then on never if I don't pay attention to the
older ones except you guys it
makes me laugh a lot for these
weird little accounts Hey but how have they gotten into their
own
Lore four stalker kids
eh I mean four stalker kids
take a minute of prominence two or
three times a week and they get excited I don't
know they have to be H
those sick people I would love to see their
[ __ ] faces eh Although there is one that
I know who it
is Although there is one I know who it is but
for example the wig the one from the Bird that
the canine appears the dalira guy be
elira I would love to see it because he has
a
sick one wake up based on slaps little ones
that will be
eh Because it came out to me in the in the parati
that they started to cry that it's not that
the big streamers with Frank
moved heaven Mari earth and that Ah
well I saw that
the
protagonists also challenged him the big streamers
moved heaven and earth with that of  Fran
not all the big streamers
moved heaven and earth with Fran
that's the first thing In fact I'm a
little upset that there aren't still
eh a few who have played the
game of Fortnite okay I mean some
of those who mentioned and
gave diffusion to the topic of
Fran can I appear in the extract
grandpa Ricky You can't eat my nepar
H it was because the topic was viral
you know it was a very viral topic and now for
example well some no no but now
for example [ __ ] the game you upload
video game content [ __ ] you play
Fortnite every [ __ ] day and
when you're not playing Fortnite you play something else
[ __ ] if you're 8 hours
live what do you care about playing a
map
Damn but well of course right now there is no right
now there is no virality not in one of
one cases but apart from that the
big streamers It's not that they don't give it diffusion
because because nobody gets scared nobody gets
scared of Dallas well maybe
some Yes but but most don't when they
want to hit them they get hit the
big streamers  what happens is that they've been
here for many years and they know the
story and they don't believe it. I mean, it's not
for nothing, it's because it's not only
supported by people who are
our haters or who had a
rift with him eh 25 years ago and and they don't
get over it and they're people you find
the people who are supporting this and they're
people who have either had a debate with
Dallas and made a video dasas
took his sandwich at school some
thing like that you know or even people because they
hate me which is what I see
as if the case were mine but
only literally and the big streamers don't
care Why Because it's not viral and they don't
believe it because they've been
watching the story all these years and seeing
all the lords and when everything was
on they saw
everything they're not going to be a campaign I don't know what and
with Argos and all that [ __ ] and I don't know what
Yes, [ __ ] idiot it's going to be the
same as giving visibility to the issue that it
's huge and that they are hectares
hectares dozens of animals to a dog
that belongs to two idiots that the immense
Most of the internet doesn't even want them or they
directly hate them. Exactly the
same and not only that, you [ __ ] haters, what the
[ __ ] is here,
here it is based on challenging
when a dog is lost for its Colony
or when they have donated to eh house drown
spots or however you want them, I mean V
dick dedicate or I mean you know how a
true animalist when it has been based eh I mean
when the canine the wig and I don't know what have they
had a minimal movement for
the animals or for a dog that has been
lost eh or for any other eh
injustice related to animals there are
many controversies related to
animals from streamer there are a few in
fact the same eh on the subject of dogs, on the
subject of pets, of no s There are a lot they do
n't give a [ __ ] [ __ ] it's because it
's against Dalas, it's already you adopt dogs from
the Case or cats cayejeros to give them
a better life no when you're challenging
putting won the trial that's when
when you charge 600 you're a
saint that we eat the eggs for your
approach order a
kiss
move I don't know exactly what to
see, I mean I don't know  exactly what to
see because well, I'm obviously going to watch this
to see what they thought about the
complaint, some more bal topic out there,
eh, I have Ricky's complaint against
Javi noted down, have you found out? Yes, Ah yes, we
realize that
the internet has become such that people report each other for
using a piece of a song. Well, I
think that a lot of people aren't going to
do that, eh, I mean, I think that it does
open a floodgates, no, a little, a
bit dangerous, okay. But I don't think that
people are going to do that
every moment, I'm also
telling you, but that has proceeded, I mean,
that will happen the same as me, the
commercial court, this content will not be a
kiss, queen,
welcome, man, we have 100 members,
we have 100 members in a while, okay,
use what you gave when a recent case of
another couple who took their dog from their
partner, no, I don't remember who they were,
but nobody talks about them and I already sent you
a clip so that Funes Aibel and an
exclusive,
okay, there's a sixth one, a kiss, there's a case
that they are also  fighting that is
Wall Street Wolverine with the ex
also commercial of course is another thing it is
not like the complaints that we are
used to to comment on
eh commercial let's see commercial
HM I would say that more or less they are the
same steps that I don't know is true
because the naute did not go to
trial Let's see, wismichu and Dallas
have a commercial trial which is the
civil one you know that you already know
they said it
em And I would swear that it has worked more or
less the same but not either It's that you know I don't
know if there was a prior hearing on that The
truth is I don't have much idea about that no it
is not exclusively money not what we
talked about of course of course
man also I think that
what do you think will happen will be taken into account with an
expert in these
situations me who I let's see [ __ ] you have
something similar happened to you with Dallas it
is not the same but no I think that it will be taken I
understand also the
documents that Javi provided that he could
use that song Senda a kiss
Thank you very much to your brother Santi who
is 13 of course a huge kiss  Santi a
huge kiss no you don't have much d to
see this content Only when we
're fighting with Ricky But anyway I'll
send you a kiss if you ask me Senda No
because I don't know if he used an
argumentative from the United States something like that
article s history the legitimate use this
also there is a Movida in the
European Union there is like an agreement okay And there
are some rules obviously you ca
n't use the content in
any way okay but
eh It depends on how you do it and the profit and the
claim and a lot of things
eh yes for example there was an issue of the
right to honor I don't know if it was commercial
the right to honor with Ortega Cano
also in which they put his photo
to sell some tickets Ah I don't
remember that case I think it was with a
magazine I don't remember the case anymore it
's not only the one that exists Of course there is
an issue that it works
Exactly the same as the legitimate use in
the European Union there are some agreements okay
but apart from that Ricky has said
1000 times 1000 times then he was part of what you
are putting in the chat
also if that eh we arrived  We're going to have to
argue and we're going to have to compensate for the
content that we've used from each
other and the money that we've earned
with each other's money, there will be, we'll have to
have some distributions
there and then apart from that, Ricky has given his
consent to that a bunch of
times and then he wants to take it away from me,
okay, okay, but don't give me a strike,
okay, but remove all of my content,
obviously you understand me, I mean, to
screw around and he's already screwed because he got
heated he put it up at the moment and didn't
want to back down because he's a person who
has a very fragile ego, I mean, Ricky, the
problem that he has, uh,
and that often leads to his
downfall is that he has a
self-esteem problem, he feels very, very, very
inferior, I mean, he sees everything, I have
money. Okay, here I am, arguing with him
many times, he's solved it with
that. Ricky, but you don't have money, I earn
more than you, touch your dick. But well, and
b also earns more money than me, ccu, he
probably earns more money than me and I have
n't taken any
unconscious photographs of him, I mean, the fact
that you have more money isn't the
answer to everything, you know  I mean what am I
saying no but it's that I have more money no
but it's that and and he for example he according to
his thoughts and according to how he thinks and
how he acts on the internet he even has
a series of messing around with the girls on
Twitter I don't know what and all that stuff m
him when Lali comes to him with the
story That Chinese, instead of [ __ ] her he
makes up the idea for her or she
makes up the idea for him he sits in
front of a viral video and starts
inventing the rape also for his
followers it doesn't
matter if Ali has the idea or the
excuse and he follows her it doesn't matter he doesn't
believe her he leaves her blocks her he stops
talking to her he deletes the photos with her so that
people can see that he deleted the photos
with her what happens is that Dallas
makes a video for him and then suddenly
well come over here we make a series
a teaser he has an ego problem and he has to
have more personality he has to
have more balls in life you understand he
doesn't have it what's happening well he
puts his foot in it
and he's not
capable oh
my god oh
my god and he's not capable a massive Game Over video
for Antonia  the multi-accounts yares
surely one is the one reported
em well at the
moment
no at the moment no
e let's see I'm already dealing with this issue
because it's gossip it's not the
gossip that they're having now I'm
dealing with it as you can see with respect eh My
m asked me not to comment on the issue
no I haven't made a video on the
main channel well not to react no I
understand that it's that I don't make a video
because he knows that I make a video
dismantling everywhere is that
everything is already more than dismantled I tend to be with people
as I am not as they are with me you
understand me I mean I know that if it were the
other way around if I were on the ground if they
could step on my neck they would step on it
excuse me for saying so ugly Grandpa a
hug red heart a kiss
[Music]
HM I understand that people right now
eh are in a bad moment and maybe they
can act
and not with coherence or not with how they would
act in another moment when you
feel good then I understand that in
a very bad moment you know no  it's
eh It's not
opportune it's not look in the first place it's
not my main content eh I
mean that was already a topic that already went viral
in its day right now It's not a it's not a
viral topic I mean it's not it's not a topic like
if the topic went viral like the one with
Rosito, well I'm telling you that I'm
sorry but the best of the
chat Fran eating kiss well
I would have to make my videos and my
things or my series on the main channel
but no no no such thing in all honesty is
what I'm telling you I mean I could have done it
eh I could have made a video on
the main channel clip here clip
there Point by point But look HM it's already
spoken for it's that it's for nothing within
next year they're going to
bring it out again as if it were all new to the
new people that are there and such Look,
while in all honesty
miare isn't telling me anything Win michu
Other people aren't telling me things either, okay
mm they're wanting to look for me okay I have
a limit, well I'm counting up to 10
because I understand that they're bad
moments I don't wish ill on anyone
eh I don't doubt that they're having a
bad time you understand me and I'm counting to
10 with some things okay I obviously have a
limit okay And
when and it's not just going to be
taking down a video or I don't know what There will be
other things a series of other things and they
are desire because then if I well
anyway I don't want this to be understood as a
but that then it's bothering me bothering me bothering me bothering me
Well there
will be a moment when you're not going to like the answer
then you know But well
basically no eh No no At the moment no
eh it's
that I don't care I mean I have
right now a very stable situation in
all aspects and and I
really understand I mean I promise you eh I'm not
driven by hate or resentment or anything and and
I understand people when they're in
a bad moment Well maybe they don't act
in the best way and and and and they're not
thinking clearly either and and there may be
that kind of thing you know I mean
no I'm not going to get into that right now
okay or  it's not a thing nor is it nor is it
my priority nor am I the one to
respond now when when
a limit is crossed okay well my
lines what I consider my lines I
have My times Okay then if there
comes a time when look well I'm
very sorry but there are many things
that I have not explained and that I have not said and that I
know and that I have and that or rather there are
many things okay No I'm not going to give a clue
nor do I want this to be taken as nothing
because it is not or rather and I'm dealing with
the subject because that's what there is Fran yesterday
the discussion uploaded and I the main
gossip channel I'm not going to be not
comment on it Yes I knew that at the beginning yes it is
very new I think
Jesus but it's not my content I
have other content my content is
not Oh Finally finally Dalas again you
know I mean I have a ton of
content that is more mir
no youtuber in question I don't know that
a limit is already reached you know and I already have to
say it well now I'm sorry
but Let's go condemned by this type of
story true damn that I never  I
heard from a youtuber or streamer that they
have It's that nobody is going to do this, I
mean, neither is it going to be done nor is it going to be done nor is it going to be
done by anyone This is not going to get very
used to this, this is going to be done by the angry ones I
mean if it works out for
Ricky this is going to be done by the angry ones
those who are s s super angry Look You
realize that to get to this it's
not that everyone can
do it the thing with Ricky is that he has the
Network Okay so there he abuses it a little
more but not just anyone can do it
because for example many youtubers
try to strike me and YouTube
tells them that we consider it not that it is
legitimate use you know So you can
never get to the step of the lawsuit okay
but you have to get the strike through first and
once the
strike gets through I don't know what you appeal that I don't know what And
the last step would be the lawsuit
So when there are some who are
very very very angry and have money eh Well maybe Well maybe
that will happen Well maybe it will
come about it will become a
custom  angry people first
of all that they took him to court
for that I mean I think all of us
have had eh some strike or copyright
I had I had like two from
anime companies and I appealed them and
anime companies I mean they have things to do in
their life and they are not going to go to court with
someone because they used them and I think one
day I went to hell and I was doing
a review of a chapter and 20
minutes long the chapter I must have put
scenes from 15 minutes of that video 15
minutes of the chapter I must have put ta ta ta it
was my beginnings on YouTube I didn't
know how it worked and I nailed it I threw it away
and they threw it at me and I fought it and Toy
Animation said keep it I mean to
avoid getting into the
legal process says yes
And on top of that you weren't a big channel back
then Or if you already had
good views you had I would have 0000 subscribers
at that time Ah well I'll
sue but if you sue them
what you're asking for is that
the video be removed that they give you the
monetization but there's no way
this is going to turn out well for  ri Jessica I
no longer make predictions, the one
from Bravo or the faa is laughing at me, I don't make
predictions because in the end you know
how it goes in but you don't know how it comes out. I
have my thought that I have some
but then you can get there and
have it or not have it or they give it to you or they do
n't give it to you, you
understand man, let's see, he's asking me for
8000 based on the cpm plus the rpm
plus his morals plus his rate or I don't know what
story, or the
guy. So I personally believe that
because of the piece that his song appears in the
background in the video and the extract that it is
and the claim that his song has within
the
video, the monetization has already been kept.
In fact, he has signed that it is
1000,
I personally man, no no no I don't believe it, I
think it could happen that it remains
archived and when it is archived, well, he
pays the costs that I understand will be
minimal with what he has asked for and that
the video remains deleted is what they can
say. Well, I've already deleted the video, Noa,
[ __ ] off, so what are you doing here, you
know  that's what I think can
happen
you know but I don't know I don't know it's that
we've never never seen a trial
So we don't know how it
goes What things it has you
didn't have a presence
maybe let's see how that ends curious not
the subject do you think it will come to a good
or a bad end I see it as crazy the
truth I mean it seems crazy to me it's more
when I saw the video The thumbnail I said it has to
be click And this can't be
real and I saw a bit of the video and I said os
Well in fact it was because Javi says that
he took the other one to court and it was the
other way around no I didn't take him he's
the angry one who sued but I
took him because his ardor has
left him nothing He thought that I was going to
tell him Well then that's it I keep my
mouth shut I bow my
head but I think that's it
As he said before there is no precedent
I will bring him to
Seville that then there would be something else that I'm
not going to discuss but then there is another
thing that would be the
jurisdiction because of course the
lawsuits that depend on what type of
lawsuits they are for example
Johan Planas's the second one is also in
Seville But it's in Seville because he's not
in Spain, I think I don't know, honestly.
But let's go, one thing I'm not going to
argue about, they did it to me, do you
remember the competition that they
argued with me, that's the competition, it's
the city where the
trial is held, if the court handles the process,
more so if it's in Seville than in Badalona
or Ibiza, it
's a day, it's not like you have to go for days, you
know, then Ricky put it in Seville
but I don't know if it's because he lives in
Andorra, honestly, I have no idea.
Why he put it in Seville will it be like that?
Maybe I don't know yet, and in the event that
this comes to fruition or our
friend Mil House ediciones wins,
a precedent will be created and it will be negative for
everyone, really, not because they are musical themes,
music is the excuse, they are not
musical themes, everything is copyrighted, I
already said it, but this. He said the other day
because it seems to me that I liked
Cel's opinion the other day, this nonsense is that it
is music. Cel said it the other
day, of course, it is music, but of course, but
why is it different  the step the no you don't
understand sh Because it doesn't make any
sense everything that you believe has
copyright it can be a video it
can be a photograph it can be a
pose damn it has copyright
Even a
dance a dance a book a choreography
eh what you believe has
copyright another thing is that you have it
registered you have it registered Well you
have more
eh accredited when it comes to fighting that
someone creates the same work as you and you
can prove that it's yours because you
created it before and that series of things no
em but you can't say that that
the music video is different eh
because of the fact that it's uploaded to
YouTube or rather
em it's like if you tell me by that rule of
three I put the example yesterday I mean you can't
take it you can say that now I
can take it Oh I like the channel of the
cool guy from the news the truth is that
it's cool no and it's positioned well I'm going
to create a channel called
uncle shur's news and I'm going to upload
uncle shur's videos just as he uploads them I'll  I
download it I put it and I put the
same thumbnail eh it's a video not music I
mean no it doesn't make sense okay it doesn't make
any sense it's like if suddenly
someone copies something from my Channel eh There
could also be a
commercial claim eh I mean imagine that I
invent a
section here imagine badaboom exposing
infidels and another one comes along and does it exactly as it is
literally that is also
eh that is also
everything is copyrighted So
if we are going to discuss that you want to
keep the monetization of this
video then let's also see
what happens with all the content that you
have of
mine that is plagiarism Ju it could be plagiarism it
could be a lot of things it
could also be theft it could be a lot of
things but what is clear is that you cannot do it
also move on to the images there is little eh
something something important is that we are not
talking about a clip V it is a song that is
copyrighted it is the song that is
copyrighted all this that
I am seeing Now it is
copyrighted this is
yours okay The only thing Ricky has is
that the Network has it it is clear and
then  the Network has the little button
that's the only
difference the videos have
a different company
behind them the songs are different it's
a company that's not different the I
mean you can go ahead and register damn
Juan Jo blor did it do you remember
Juan registered his
channel you can go ahead and register
Junior I mean no my son no it does
n't work so everything is
copyrighted How could it not be
copyrighted can you imagine that I
could release a drink called
Monster you can't and it's not a song I
mean La La La La Movida It's that the movida It's that
la la la this guy has that
registered on the Network like the
Win michu videos and like the videos
of Lauron and And those
people behind So I'm going to throw
triple from here that I think Ricky is
going to win the trial because it's
a song that of course we don't know what
Javi has prepared of clips just like he
has of Ricky saying you can use
my music because it's free for all the
people who want to use it for their videos
maybe if he has that Libra I ask a
question of course I have a  tons of
clips like that tons of c ha like that
but stop talking nonsense Javi the
music is registered with a distributor
Well nothing My son you can Look if you
have the link around here send it to me
Juanjo chain Juanjo blo registered his
channel the name of his channel and and his
YouTube channel is registered badabu
will have it registered in his country and he as if we
were this one will have it registered that's
done I have to do it I've
thought about it many times but that I get a
little cocky but it doesn't have to not
that everything is copyrighted I mean you
Imagine that someone can take my
videos and upload them no kiddo another
thing is the use that you make of the
content of others here what is being
discussed is not whether it is copyrighted
or not Of course it is what is being
discussed is the use that I have
given it So what do we have, well we have
a guy who is critical of everyone who
puts strikes and who defends
fair use and who defends that
fair use exists in Spain and who defends
that everyone can use his
music and who defends I mean there are many
things that need to be talked about there are many
things  that we have to
talk you understand me as long as I don't
register it legally it doesn't have it Okay
then MB says that as long
as you don't register it the videos are not
copyrighted they are not
copyrighted they are for everyone [ __ ] off
dude I'm here working so that
anyone can monetize it
[ __ ] off
lean richo he tried with the title of
lawyer analyze of course you can register
up to phrases, titles, up to
sections you can register things
then they accept it or not eh I also
tell you but as such a work Of course it
has
copyright but if instead of
Javi Oliveiro it had been any one of
us who had used Ricky's song
for a video, he would have thrown the
video away, man, obviously
not, I do know that I have a bf with him and that he
takes me, I don't even use his song Ah man,
but if you upload the dal nauter videos, you
bastard, what the hell are you telling me? But
how are we not going to upload bef but if
our videos are about bef with
Ricky, with the other one and with the one on the
motorcycle Precisely when we make the most videos
When we have a bf with someone,
no, of course I  I obviously don't
have that level of problem either. No,
I do know that a song is copyrighted, I do
n't use it either. I also know that
I'm the one who uses the most songs with copy.
From here, I use that have
a crazy copyright, but what I do
is that I put them less than 8 seconds in
this way. I don't know who I'm talking to about this, the
copyright Jumps because he has it, he has it
in the content ID, he has it, let's
see, man, if it's for real. But if it
's very simple, it's that I don't
understand. Where's the debate, man. Look,
let's see,
here you have it. Look, here you have it. This
is what Ricky Edic gets. This is
where Ricky Edi got it. My video is already there.
The only difference is that I'm not
going to give it to anyone. Okay, this is
gibel review, gibel review is his
original. No. Ah, okay, gibel rñ is
his original. No, to those channels on
cli, one day I'm going to throw them away.
Eh, well, here the debate ends, but
yes, look, here you have the debate. Look,
what's up Quesada, I don't know who Pablo
is here. This is what appeared to him.  a
Ricky look here there's one of count
so many thousand
visits count so many thousand visits gibel
cito
clipero buff
40 and so many thousand visits a cito clipero you
20 minutes eh 23
minutes I'm not going to throw it away because it was in
the discussion eh but come on, kid,
incredible or rather but this is what
appeared to Ricky Edi with the
difference that Ricky gave him the button and
I'm not going to give the button here to
anyone there is no more
debate But if you upload YouTube you
are implicitly authorizing
other people other users to use
part of that content butones it's
different That is also exactly in
the terms of YouTube I have to
look for that now when it comes to the trial I
have to look for it in the terms of
YouTube your signature that your content
can be used by a third party eh making
use that it's not that legitimate use does not exist in Spain
Well if it exists in Europe
okay And apart from that you also go by the
terms of YouTube that you are already
accepting like the game here that's why
YouTube no matter how registered you have
the content there are times that they reject your
strikes it's that the  The theme of the songs
is another world the songs are a
parallel world no no the songs are
registered from the name of the
song the lyrics The instrumental and the
lation of these three for
personal public distribution is very
different from a video we do not
register our scripts reg we
could we could of
course the registration helps you at the time of
a lawsuit okay I mean the registration
helps you so that now tomorrow someone creates
the discussion no because it is
something very very exclusive
a very
exclusive format Okay and and and you take and and
now I come and copy it and I give it the
same name Hey I'm going to send you that good Well
if you have a registration then it
helps you more but it is it is the same for
God it is the same for
God another thing is another thing is that
when I add that Ricky has taken
my content the judge comes to me and
says Okay well that is another lawsuit that
you have to file here we are
arguing only the the the rewind do you
understand That is another
thing but for me it says but the
instrumental is not Ricky's he only
rented it  just Pos being the letter there are many many many many
things that need to be
argued
Ju a little a little we are also eh but not so
much no no so much me on March 8th no no
desi I mean vo imagine something that no
something that happened that no that I understand
why Javi Oliveira paid attention is when
miare says I allow all
content creators to react to this
except Mr. Javier Oliveira I mean a
person can a person cannot
prohibit you from re because when
someone uploads something on the internet literally
if you modify it and comply with the fius
you have every right to see it I have
done it out of respect eh I have done it out of
respect or rather without further ado look first of all
first of all
because first of all because it is not a
topic no it is not a viral topic I mean here it
is the kids I mean it is a topic for
here for the salseria like now lana what we are
going to see like now what we are going to
see from Fran and she respects you Javi
gerero eh to be honest
Right now He is not telling me anything but
today my friends were telling me  the
same eh Javi Why don't you make a series
Ha but Make a video on the
main channel of that video and watch Point by
point but the thing is that I already have it if I already
have all that on my main channel in
2019 and in
2020 I already have all that dismantled you
understand me, I mean why am I going to
dismantle and why am I going to put that up
everything has already been spoken for, okay next year or
the next one the
people you were fighting with at the
time are going to approach you and they are going to bring it out again like
new everything but no no the truth is I
said it before okay I mean why
why did I listen to him well in the first place
because that is not an issue now either I mean it
is not my content on my
main channel and unless it goes viral
a lot or what then I understand too and
this was being told off at me today by
my colleagues no gon a kiss that I don't have to
be either How people are I mean
you tell me no but it's that they
are but I don't care I am how I am
okay And I understand I don't have  doubt
that they are going through a
bad time right now, I mean, I have no doubt that they
are having a bad time and that they are having a hard time, do you
understand
why? Why doesn't he want Javi to talk about
that because he knows that Javi
mm yes, my opinion is taken into account
and that I will dismantle that well on
my main channel and and and and that's it, you know,
in a pli pla But why did I see that, I mean, it's
already been judicialized,
justice has already spoken, you
understand? I respect the pain, you
understand, they are having a bad time and when I
also take into account counting to 10
because when you are having a bad time,
people do not act with the same
reasoning. Maybe when you are
well, okay, now well,
eh, I also have my limits, yes, it
is true that Win michu my, as I
told you before, no, no, the truth is Right now they
are not telling me anything, they are fighting
their issue, their signatures and their things, they
are not telling me anything so that I
suddenly know, start a mess here
in 2023 Yes, when they published the
conversations, but at that moment I
decided not to respond because my lawyer
told me that we were going  so I had
so many things that to have
blown up there a whole mess and left them
all Well I'm not going to get into that okay
because it sounds a little ugly but I don't
understand at what point it seemed like a good
idea to look for me You know no I don't
understand right then
my answers are not going to be liked now I
have a limit evidently there is a
certain thing that I consider a line
they are not attacking me But there are
other people who are
and there will be a moment in which I no longer
get up Maybe you understand me or I say This
is my limit you know then we will
see but if right now
I who am like this I am an idiot
maybe not but if right now they are going
through a bad time what are you going to fix by
dismantling that you
know well I am not commenting I am
giving my opinion here trying not to
hurt anyone to me I don't like
that when a person is bad then
we unite for me in any case I have
my time and in any case I respond to
an
attack I respond to an attack you
understand But when a person is
down it is not the time to have
balls It seems very to me  coward that's
actually you know that's what they usually do
with Dallas for me to take advantage of the
unions and they join together
when they can't
stand each other to stop to see
a weakness in him in him no dude no like
that no no I function any other way that's it
or rather call me whatever the
[ __ ] you do react the truth is that I think it
will be to not have any more trouble No,
what I heard Javi say A
long time ago that he doesn't want to know anything
about these people that he wants to be given it
quietly and such I suppose that's why
but it's what you say react how are you going to be
able to react then you fight it And you'll
surely win Enjoy your meal
stutter buddy What are you eating
stutter Well aside from that you could I don't know if I
don't even believe that they would start to
strike me with that I mean trust you that they
were striking each other strikes well this these
two pairs of balls Ricky eh
be first he put 50 to whom I put the
video and it's supposed that he threw the
video at him that I don't know because he censored
part of the email here
okay but it turns out  It could be that Miare has
also been posting clips, it's supposed
because the exas posted a tweet in
which Mi has posted this click where
Mi denies the greyhound thing,
the mange thing, and the neighbors thing, there's an
old click where Mi It's that this is
already all talked about and all chewing and there are
many more clicks I mean, if I have them
in the videos from back then you know
but of course you guys think that Miare
is complaining that Dallas is
posting clips and she's posting the ones
that don't make
her look good because it would look really bad No now
with all the eyes on her no yes yes the
extra has posted a tweet too but from
Miare and I think that this could be the
same [ __ ] who are posting the
Twitter clips at me who are sowing discord
That's what I
think I haven't asked Dallas either eh it
's that the impact is this dude what it has
had the subject is no longer the
subject for
her Well I don't know how to walk now but
she has deactivated the dislikes She has
deactivated the comments ma'am  Marlos will
leave you alone when the dog thing is over
or have you already realized that you'll
always have her here HM
what can I tell you what? I'll tell you sex, what I would
like My idea My idea would be to have it, to have
lost
sight of them a long time ago. Of course, but well,
two don't fight if one doesn't want to. If one doesn't want to,
one fights only with the wall. I'll
also tell you up to a limit. Let's see,
until the food bolus is already
built, it's already going for or phagous. Let's see, okay,
small intestine, there's
a question, ask
question, but I've asked it, no, what?
Ah, well, yes, what am I doing? Let's see,
taking into account that I'll kill him, taking into
account that you're the only one on the trulia
who is against the popular opinion
here on this subject. What do you think about the fact that
this has gone to trial and that you think
that no, what do you want to happen? No, what do you think will happen, what do you
want to happen? Nothing, damn,
very good, I don't
care, but it happens that this is an
interesting subject. To a certain extent, but
due to the characters that are
involved to a certain extent too. I don't care.
But this is what
I told you the time  last when they
asked me the same thing, I mean, is that
you guys keep watching Ricky's video clip
as if it were a YouTube video
and that's what C explained to you. I mean, since it's
a song and since it's the video clip of a
song, it's governed by different laws, it seems
a little bit to me this super chat has
copyright, I'm going to take it down, a kiss, here, thank you
very much. Hey, we've got 11
out of 50, eh, that Ricky wanted to
get to the point of the complaint, but
they have every right because just like
Ricky did it, any record label can do it
to any of
us, yes, any of us. I'm going to
use the example of Metallica again,
Ricky can't do it.
Any YouTuber can do it, I mean,
if Win michu feels like it with the
Network, take down any video of
any of us here, of
the seven of us on screen now,
if you appeal it, Win michu c, the one who
has money and files the same
lawsuit on you, and he takes you to hell with his
content, it's the same discussion. Win
michu has a win michu, win michu has
a company, Win michu is a, has an
SL  prego prego productions or something like that is
the thing it
is exactly the same
really I do not know where they do not understand it I do not
understand Where is the discussion in that It
is really very exaggerated because it is
something monstrous compared to ricked
but if the D tomorrow we use a
Metallica song they will come in
all possible ways and take our
money even in the form of blood if
necessary Of course in copyright issues it
is the same it does not matter if it is
bigger or smaller but of course if
you have the licenses it is that
ha but from what I understand if Ricky
lost the trial it is because Javi Oliveira
won when he appealed the strike Of
course because if not why is he taking it to
court if the strike is already in place sego
that it goes even because to keep the
deleted video he has to file a
lawsuit if not he can't if they don't
return the video to me I mean they
removed the strike and what Ricky did
was file the lawsuit but the Lex n and
everything eh the truth YouTube I think it is
given that I gave the r if Javi had won
no they would not have taken the video no  ah no
yes he won they put me in the chat Yes in the
end he won and he had 10 days Ricky stop stop
stop and did it Ah and that's why in the end it
gets to that point if not why was I going to
report it out of nowhere I don't know what I know already
internet no no no these
copyright strikes when they give you the
10 days it's not because YouTube says ah
yes you won
this in 10 days but because Hey
as this is already a legal problem that has to
do with licenses and other [ __ ] the
company that is reporting you has 10
days to go to the legal thing and if they do
nothing then I'll remove the strike According to me it
is like that because I think I remember because of the
strike that the Peruvian gave me that
ended up beating me But not because of his
nationality but because of his personality he
was Peruvian it doesn't have to be that as long as he is
Peruvian I don't have the need to
qualify But if you have the
need to qualify I think it's not like that I
think what happens is that when or whatever
gives him the strike Javi appeals he wins the
appeal of the strike  and the other one says,
Well, it goes to him, if you win,
YouTube takes it away from you directly, he gives him
time, the same thing happened to me that
happened to me with Toy Animation, eh We give you,
eh, the video remains paused until the
company decides if it is going to be legal
or not. If a few days go by, they remove the
strike and they give you back the video
exactly that. Ah, at the YouTube level it
is like, well, we have no
problem, but at the legal level, sort
yourselves out, I mean, at the YouTube level, YouTube.
Maybe he said, Ah, Well, you know what,
because of our regulations it passes at the
legal level, damn idea. Of course, because if not, Yes,
for example, with Ada when the lean
richo thing was left on him, they left him the strike for the TR months
that I was there, I called her the other day to see
if she remembered it and Ah, they left him the
strike for the TR months,
eh, for example, they took it away from me. Eh,
well, I had it and his
moves, why would I report it, I mean, out of
nowhere, it already makes me curious,
at least he will see how it will happen, not knowing
what will happen because mine, for example,
was for too  I didn't plan on reporting
or anything just to be a
little annoying. Well, yeah, let's see, I'm
curious, but as I'm telling you, so if it
turns out well for Ricky, a can of worms will open up
for all of us who don't
have this type of content, eh,
speaking of strikes, you saw that M Skyler
gave GreenFit a strike, if it didn't
end
well for her, I haven't
seen it, but you've told me 1
times and when you say it didn't end well for her,
what do you mean?
[ __ ], you all know who Mia
Skyler is, no, the girl is here, I'm not going to say
the word because YouTube is
specialized with her with this one with these
people from the collective, let's say, no, the
word that begins with Porte, you know who it is. I've
already reacted to her and such.
Antonio, who before was a loser
a year ago and now has subs, well, whatever you
want to call it, Transformer, transcomputer,
transatlantic, transspecies,
I don't know, whatever you want to call it, well, he
tried to take down GreenFit's channel, yeah, and
how. Yes, I mean, the channel tried to take down
GreenFit's channel when Greenfit
has sincerely  been a brutal loudspeaker for
her because if greenfit doesn't
react to you, not even your cousin knows you, nobody,
nobody, and you go and throw away the channel of the
guy who gave you a brutal loudspeaker.
I really have these
kinds of people here, okay, I'm not talking about these
kinds of people. That was Windy, do you remember? Do you
remember what
Windy did to me because of what she did to her
body, but about ideologies of people
who take you and you and as long as you go
against their speech, they do what they
call fascist, not that word, they
love to tell you that you're a fascist, what's up,
but the slightest change,
democrats, the latest, dictatorial to the
max, people, do you know what the feeling is?
Supreme, the best feeling that you're
probably going to have in your entire life,
who knows? There, I can't tell you anything.
Revenge and those of you who have read The
Count of Monte Cristo, this man so
that you don't know Who he is, he's the editor, the one who
runs the channel for gfit, okay,
who is it that you understand me perfectly?
Oh, Oscar, I'm just  father no this
feeling that I'm talking about is light years away from being a
father well since I'm the one who runs the
channel in the shadows and since I'm the one who's been
swallowed up by all of this well we've
decided that I'm the one who's going to tell you
this m skylar wanted to close the channel and
well stay until the end of the video
because you're going to understand why this is
an almost natural revenge and why
this has turned out like [ __ ] for me this whole
story has been very strange but for those of you who do
n't understand the Lore very well I'll
tell you a year ago A year or so ago there
was an exchange of
videos between me and Green and that
exchange of videos culminated in a
debate this debate happened and there were a couple
more exchanges of videos and
the topic stayed there and that's it and I don't think anyone
talked about me again for quite a
while and now two months ago we received this
email from
em I sang happy birthday to
Lina a follower on telesalseo and
the
copyright has jumped on me because I
sing so well I swear eh let's see check for
problems now what  you eat all the
[ __ ] come on laugh at your
cousin a strike okay this is called having
a strike we have received a request
for withdrawal from copyright infringement
your video or whatever but this is
frustrating because he is throwing a
strike at the Green fix himself crazy and it
was Mia skylar who had given us a
strike in two videos wretch Also
a very rare because she did not give us a
strike in some reaction or some
criticism she gave us the strike in the debate
and in the best moments of the debate mine do you
want to say something first of
introduction also not making any
sense is totally and absolutely
fraudulent besides mine as a
galaxy mind said it already in a video that she was
going to give us the strike well anyway I
want you to understand you do not have
Why Know this But ex on YouTube and
in general audiovisual media there is
the right to quote there is
fair use and there is freedom of
expression and in Green Space Well we
always move within these
guidelines I will summarize the only thing that you
the only way that you can give a
strike and not claim it okay is and that they
return the video is that you take
imagine  the video of El chocas
the whole video you take it you download it and
automatically upload it to your channel that
cannot be done that is illegal on
YouTube
yac ces a frago one you can do it all
legitimate use right citation and freedom of
expression and you also have to know that
on YouTube the worst that you can do
to another creator is throw a strike That
is the filthiest the dirtiest the worst
seen in the world of the internet okay it's horrible
content I don't know if Antonio Antonio it
surprises me a lot that there isn't because Green
Space usually reacts
to my content man people you know what it is I'm
surprised that I'm
not surprised that they haven't commented on
anything about Ricky What
Ricky has done eh And more if they are involved in a
movement like this
eh it surprises me a lot that they haven't
commented on it because he usually reacts to
my videos when they are of this type he
puts them but yes yes it is the filthiest thing there is it
is what is frowned upon among us
Because you realize that that is to
put that that
is a fraudulent strike another thing is
that someone is stealing from you that is another
thing that I have not said before when
these people were talking about  Ricky it's
no longer the issue that he gave
permission for the songs and such how do I
become a member thoughtful face I don't see the
button well Dana it's that on iPhone
the button doesn't appear I think on iPhone you have to
do it from the web from
Safari I think it's there they put the
link for sure now in the chat that I
was hoping that well Okay
the copyright of the song has jumped
Because you have registered it Okay but don't
claim it I mean don't answer my
appeal dude let him take it off
YouTube and that's it it's like
absolutely nothing would have happened the copyright jumps on me
but of course it didn't jump on me
it was him manually who
put it on me delos told him bad things about
Dallas and Green swallowed them all Ah no
[ __ ] So now he's against
Dallas and in favor of that
people [
Music]
mm
Ah friend yes Pando material or pla olo that
's different But throwing in a
fraudulent strike is by far the most despicable thing
you can do as a YouTuber to another it
's another level and with this you have
shown the kind of person you are You
have to know that this in no way
moment has been Nothing personal this has
always been about debating ideas creating
content and entertaining and in that
equation mine has never been an
enemy never in fact life takes many
turns and if you had a
problem with YouTube that we
could help you yes because Óscar has
always been very helpful when I
have a problem I talk about greenfit
when I have a problem he has always
given me his help he is a 10 of type eh
Really a 10 I promise you that we were going to
do it because in the end aside from the fact that the
ideas are different, we are
colleagues in the form colleagues of the
profession Now no now do not water
or do not think about it that day something changed inside the otso something broke Now it is personal because you have attacked our business and that is very ugly also doing it in such a stupid way because and I want you to understand well what has happened the debate was at the time on
the Green fits Twitch and from there what
Mia did was directly download it and
upload it it is strong eh I mean it is not
even a reaction  that she has
greenfitted her from her channel no no no no
Or from her own live from her
own video
deit before me but the
original content is on Twitch what
happens like YouTube detects that whoever
uploaded the video first to the platform
has been mine for YouTube the content is
mine What is it then When you come in
here this must have come up to me I
have two options and this is what I'm already
Lu curing no that she first
tried to take down some V reaction and
seeing that she can't because YouTube has
said that of combs she has said Oh yeah Well I
go here and remove and throw this away or
directly out of laziness and to avoid having to
write to YouTube she has
pressed the button and told us to
screw you which makes no sense
because you were going to lose either way
No however that is what we
think So what I did was
send this email and it was better
written but this is the copy that
YouTube sends me and that is why it piles it
all up no dear
YouTube representatives I tatá hereby present this counter
notification in response to the
copyright claim made by  Mia
skylar which I consider fraudulent and
unfounded and I explain the following I am the
creator of the disputed content the
reported material is a debate in which I
actively participated with one of the
interested parties my intervention is my
authorship I can cause a big fuss they
can close your channel you in front
explicitly agreed to participate in the debate
which was recorded and transmitted with your
full knowledge and consent
originally published on my
Twitch channel Pumba is that it is disgusting I will
never understand these things
worth it this shows that there is no
exclusivity of rights on the part of the
claimant the person who filed the
claim is a public figure and the
content is framed within a debate
of public interest protected under the
laws of fair use and freedom of
expression in many jurisdictions
including Spain which is where this
person is from I also understand this
complaint is in bad faith the claim is an
attempt at censorship and/or abuse of the
copyright system to restrict
legitimate content which constitutes
a prohibited practice and punishable
under YouTube policies I request
that this strike be withdrawn
immediately and that
full rights to my video be restored  I am
willing to provide more evidence and
documentation to support my position
including screenshots of the
original post blah blah blah and this is in
Portuguese because I live in Portugal
and since Oscar lives in the United States and
this was for copyright not for
any other kind of thing that he
could come up with Well it was also
easier for me to report and get this to a
good end we were not going to comment on this
until the whole process was over and
once we sent this notification, I
had 10 days ides which are 15 14 to
report for whatever reason I did not report and it was
my fault I should have done this with the
two videos I thought that since it was a
strike where he sent us both videos,
well, they were going to replace both it was going to
stay like that but they only returned the
debate to us and then the strike remained
So I had to send this again
for another
video But anyway, that way, mia had another
10 days to report us for
copyright because whatever it is, he did not report and you
returned them to us and removed the
strike, we have the channel  clean is that they
want to complicate life dude
How are you going to do that dude this has been the
dirtiest trick you've ever played I
understand that you get frustrated that someone
refutes you I understand that it frustrates you That you
look bad you looked bad in the
video exchange you looked bad in the
debate that you lost and also you looked
like an ignorant and then you looked like an
[ __ ] doing this
15 year old kid thing anyway however this
feels like some kind of revenge
because you literally tried to
screw us over you tried to damage our
business you didn't succeed you
got exactly the opposite Yes that's what he
did to me for del and doni at the
time Yes but mine was worse
because a strike doesn't fall on you let's see
nothing happens you have up to three they threw
nine or eight at me I don't remember well This
video and I remember that
poor Antonio called me that's where I
met him because he contacted me to
talk to me about that issue he called me on the
phone Poor thing he was going through a bad time they
threw an egg at him I don't know what we did in the
end I imagine capelin I don't remember I do
n't
agreed most likely people will
go back for the debate and with three
strikes you have eliminated the channel well
you have with three strikes you have eliminated the
channel but the thing is that with one strike it
hurts the channel too as well as the debate
total kiss Dana welcome I don't know the
truth Now this time that is with the
strike this month on the
main channel I don't know if I have noticed having
the est or not yes it is true that
now it seems that the main channel is
getting an
important rhythm but I think it's because of the
topics I don't think it
affects I don't know
eh I don't know the
truth I think it's a I don't know the truth there
are times when I get the feeling and there are
others that I don't but I don't believe it I don't know
if having the
stright covered they ban as they say here
the ru went in the middle here it went
eh but trust you that later the videos
after the ring with the exall have gone
well Look 60,000 93 58 100 84 65 42 this one
died from milica eh What a shame
132 100
100 250 of some kind some That
this 19 is punctured but the main channel is very good
now eh This punctured
look 12 what a shame And this one has this one has
50,000 views because I uploaded it twice
because already with 40 50,000 well with almost
40 I think it was a restriction
that jumped on me I uploaded it again if not it would have
100 136 this one from the other day or rather it's
fine eh the main channel is fine
eh how strong you like the best
moments I understand that you don't care
because those videos were uploaded for a
long time and that all you wanted
was to screw us up the debate you didn't care if
what you wanted was to make
the debate disappear you would have removed it
from your channel where it remains and either you would have
talked to Óscar or me who have
our contacts and I promise you that we
would have removed it without any problem
but this has bounced back Because not only have you
not screwed us over but you have
helped us this revives the debates and you
are also giving us more content
wonderful move  and look this is already a
personal appreciation what you have done is
to be a bad person bad person and I know
that maybe what bothers you the most is that they
refute you or that it came out clear that it makes them feel
bad that they are always bad people eh that
group eh they are always bad people do
not give them the reason take it away from them
with arguments and that's it saa that is what
happens ferte well I don't know but believe me
for me it is much more important and much
deeper when I tell you that this is
being a bad person and even so I can't
stop thanking you because you
did it right and then I don't
understand it either because she is dedicated to the
networks she is dedicated to YouTube So I
could understand it from someone who is not
dedicated to YouTube okay but a girl
who is dedicated to YouTube doing this
Knowing what this costs Hey well it's not
right but apart from that it's not
even that you give him a strike because you
don't want him to use your content it
's that you have taken his content from
Twitch you have uploaded it to your channel that was
done badaba Wi michu eh
you have uploaded it to your  channel to pass it off
as yours and give him a strike, man, you know it
's something ugly, dirty, filthy. But well,
completely respect you even more if possible,
although what you've done is totally and
absolutely civil and there are those who say
that it is very feminine behavior. On the
other hand, you have given your word by
threatening us and you have kept it.
Like what a son of a [ __ ] What a good ending, man,
[ __ ] epic ending
V Well you know what I think about that, I do
n't
know. I mean, it wasn't necessary to love the man. No, it
has nothing to do with it. No, I mean, I don't know, I
would attack her for being a bad person
but that's why
I'm moved to see the discussion, okay?
Fran OK. But what
happens is that it lasts an hour and a half.
What parts do I see?
What parts do I
see? Nobody brought it, man, everything, but I'm not
going to watch for an hour and a
half, what part do I see,
man. Well, let's see what
the
toilet paper is for? To put bandages on
animals, no, but Tomy had it the
other day. Look, Tomy, you can see Tomy.
Yeah, that's why, but it's because he will have to
[Laughter]
taste. I'm innovating. I also have
some cotton swabs here, but let's see.  they have
been critical of the video I
understand no I mean Fran was
pissed off with some of Cell's reactions
because apparently he had eaten
some things from the video but of course
Cell wasn't around at the time he was he
arrived
later I mean I understand that it's understood that
maybe he doesn't know some things about Lores from
back then
in fact I doubt that Tommy knows much about
Lores I mean here those of us who know about
Lores Nauter Gibel who was a fan Sur
stutter I don't think so either eh stutter
arrived later I don't know what to say about
Tataj if he knows Lore well or not To
put less in the urethra once
the act is over you see why it's
lubricant they're not cotton I don't know what it's
called in your country Ah cotton
swabs tips if you're in the head
to feel like we're going to hit each other
or what preferably It's
probably nothing it's not
likely either let's see that here clips will come out that are
going to aar us all you know Surely surely
clips will come out let's see what
happens we enter but we enter matter but
19 is the But how did it enter or whatever
why did it
happen is that it has never been never been
never been put there in the image
no it was not the chat I ever thought
that was not part of the chat at the beginning
no No it is not the first real interaction
in video call between nauter and Fran
when Fran came here I don't think he was there either no neither no
these four
fish were there we were and Pele cont
Taj we were watching and he
is not a son of a [ __ ] for you let's see
I think that to make gossip and to
do the work that all of you who
make gossip do you have to be a bit of an [ __ ]
having your finger on people you like
on people you have a good affinity with it's
normal I mean for example I have a
bad temper with you one day and the
next day I see another video and I like it I
mean eh the work that you do is not it's not
easy because you can't Let's see you
can abstain For example if someone
says something about the south they catch him in the south he
gets [ __ ] by the cousin of I don't know about a
friend and well it happened that they came
here they came here to with  stories
of romances and affairs and things and
obviously
the one who has the one who has the hand gets rid
of the one of the funa doesn't catch him pants
obviously You're going to try to omit
the subject a little to say well
if it goes like that well what I do with Dallas is to say
when you have a friend you have to
lower the
intensity Frank came up because they wouldn't
stop saying it I mean FR they
were talking about it Laura subject no And
then Fran was listening as she
is all [ __ ] day listening to all the
[ __ ] gossip of everyone [ __ ] no and
appeared there I'm going to have a
chat with Fran eh I'm going to have a
chat with Fran I mean I have no
problem saying the things that Dallas does wrong
or that I consider Dallas does wrong
or Javi or whoever no but
your job is a [ __ ] because
sometimes you have to stick your finger in
people that you like I mean who
tells you that y doesn't do something or that gre
doesn't do something wrong and you stick it in and say
[ __ ] This is going to affect me for the es you
understand me it's that a  [ __ ] I mean I
understand I can get pissed off any
day with any of
you and with dasas
No well we'll invite him from time to time Of
course I understand I don't know the truth It's
normal Why Because I laugh when
nter makes a video of whoever but
when it's my turn I say what a son of a
[ __ ] the [ __ ] I break it in oh it's like that
but in the end I'm like I I do
n't know I'm a little
masochistic when they make a video of me I let's
see no no no I don't know if I've seen all
all all the videos that they've made of
me but I honestly it's something
that I take it as I laugh I mean
in the end it's not my life the internet you
understand let's see something can bother you Or you
can say you turkey What does this turkey say you
know but I don't I don't know no what I'm
lying and for the Latino who are by
nature gossips because it
's in our culture well [ __ ] I
used to listen to the radio my whole life
now I walk around with the phone in my
pocket all day doing things I've
been listening since the beginning I
was doing things and and it's
pure and hard entertainment  at the end of the
day what happens is that a lot of people don't
understand that one thing is the show
that's put on here and then when I
meet up, like when I met
Dallas, eh what am I going to say, I'll kill you, we'll have
a coffee you know what I mean? I
meet up with
Nautel Madrid or wherever and I'm not going to
tell him son of a [ __ ] I'm going to kill you, I
mean [ __ ] Nauter because you see him and you say
[ __ ] we'll have a coffee I mean you have to
differentiate very well what is
work what you do here and what is
personal life you understand And if you
want to dedicate yourself to gossip it can't be
eh A soul of Charity you can't I mean you can't you can't I mean
you watch the
videos you see Tomy but when Tomy
makes a video it can blow your
mind and then you watch it and he doesn't say anything and
then your hair comes over here and he gives you [ __ ] it's
not our fault it's their fault
for being such an [ __ ] and making their life
their problems and their fights
public you tell me To me everything that is
public can be
criticized literally what you said is
what Frank says what about me
is that sincerely Look,
obviously there will be things
that cross the line, you know I mean, I don't
mean with this that I like being
called an abuser, a pedophile, I don't know, I don't know
how much you know but like, I don't know
Hmm, there are videos that we've seen here and
I laugh I mean, you can't disappear
from the map, I mean, the fact that you
generate and that what you, what you
think, what you don't think is commented on
because Look, Javi, Mira, if
Dalas does this, he says this and if an
enemy does it, he says the other thing, I mean,
people care about what you think and what
you say, you know what I mean So
to me, sincerely, I do like that they
make videos about me And that thing and this, you know
what I'm saying Look at this, we saw it, right? Ah,
yeah, of course, this is related here we have
excerpts you know, we laughed
with, with, with the criticism of, do you remember
that one who said that I got
involved
eh that I got involved in chasca, do you remember  that one we
saw that one we do have a
reaction
what is this Javi Oliveira defends
Guibel from his
lawyer I don't take it badly the truth is what
happens is that when it's Tomy's turn
when it's your turn as a
person you give a damn why but it's
because of the ego it's because of the ego that
all of us who are in the
entertainment world have, I mean those of us who are
famous let's say that we are I am
famous it pisses you off because you always want to
have everything framed in a
pretty picture and when they come out with something that's
ugly it pisses off your ego It's
normal What happens is that then you close the
computer I'm here I close the computer
and I laugh at everyone because
look eh I live happily I live in peace but that
ego of the famous person there's no way to
control it I mean you can say that it's no no no it doesn't
affect me it affects everyone God
affects everyone God affects them you understand
So eh
you have two options either you retire from this
public life or you have to
put up with it And if you screw up damn it's screwed up
if
teamp it's something so direct that damn you
're hooked  I'm hooked
all the I eat like I have to do
a lot of things and walk and such I go all
[ __ ] day with the phone on and
if I'm not watching Javi or rather
listening to Javi Well maybe he
gets on the cell phone because of the schedules and and I listen
to the cell phone you know I mean eh or
anyone I mean it could be anyone
when it arrives it's it's a form
of entertainment that a lot of people
protest all the big streamers
say n the gossip na the gossip
everyone has their way of doing
things and above all you know because
because I go I don't go Looking at
people and they come to you and say Ah I am I don't know
who And you say Ah [ __ ] you
understand how we know here I don't
depend on anyone to say [ __ ] he's
putting pressure on me not to talk about
this or that the pressure is on you who's been
here who's been here the grandfather has been here for
8 minutes of teaching I mean the grandfather has been here for
8 minutes throwing the bag at
these people and they're all there listening he
looks like a
teacher But when they get into the in the
matter but potentially dangerous
if you don't have authority with the dog he
gave you that he was rolled and you
hit him with the newspaper in the ass you
understand me I mean it's that people here
take things like look he said a
slap Well if we all have to speak
with a normal language eh [ __ ] If
all the streamers who criticize that would
have to take a good
editing course to learn to speak you understand
eh each one understands what they want
but but the case of dogs I still
think that there are dogs and dogs there are
dogs that a positive stimulus is worth
But if you have a pitbull if you
have one I think like that I mean I
understand that it will depend on the animal but
There are some That are not going to pay attention to you and you are not going
to and you are not going to make yourself respected
and you are not going to educate it with a treat I
mean we are talking about animals
in the end and I think there is a
very big difference between making yourself respected
hit it
or hit it with a newspaper in the bear
like Fran gave this afternoon to delox
okay Well here now we are going to see the
clip okay Jai handsome can you send him a
hello to a friend his name is rare kit and he
's a fan of
yours his name is that I can't see the text it's
too small red kit if you could
put it in the chat we greet him okay I mean
no I think that a bad everyone is
clear about what abuse is not
abuse it's well a beating but a
literal beating you don't know if it's
abuse it has always been a fraud with
animals gave this said delox FR has
always been a fraud with
animals
yed I can be a fraud with the anes a
fraud as a person I can be whatever they
want piss that doesn't matter to me so
saying deos to me that I am a
fraud is like a parody it's
like if he tells me Dallas that I get
aggressive on the internet it's the same No
better it's like if sasel calls you bald he
doesn't send balls dude we already saw this that
the clip before
you a rottweiler eh it's very good to
train it with positive stimulus but
those dogs Precisely you have to
train them so that when your voice su
delo calling someone a fraud dude it's that he
has r kit rare kit is worth a  kiss
rare kit in a hard way the dog
says [ __ ] me I'm not moving because they are
dogs that are potentially dangerous
or a small dog can be
potentially dangerous a chihuahua
can be a potentially
dangerous dog that if you don't have authority with
the dog it can bite a child, I
mean there is a thing called
authority with animals and we are
forgetting that animals are animals
and dogs are not cats I say this
because a lot of people compare it with cats
no I taught my cat to your cat You
taught it because it has
different characteristics and it goes by
different smells but the dog is
marking so [ __ ] it is important that
people understand that when it is said that you have to
hit a dog it
is not that you are going to kill it is that you have to
train it so that if at a
given moment you tell it not to cross a
road and a car hits it so that the
dog understands you you cannot tell it to stop
and have a treat to give it to
stop then a lot of people here talk
about no because now
positive training is what the
cino trainers say that yes, yes,
positive training but crazy, crazy  crazy crazy
they are here dude always eh but it's not that
one is there it's that one is there and the other one who
is challenging of course they are
both here mother of my
life I have arguments I have proof I have
credibility no no but it's that
this is the one from telesalseo
before they are
sick they are sick Look I mean they are
completely sick completely sick I
mean in the telesalseo live
and now they have come for
this yes yes
yes watching it in real time and putting
clicks in real time you don't have that
moment of the treat to give to the [ __ ]
dog when there is a road it is going to
cross it a car hits it and you say
[ __ ] positive training on the
other hand if you tell it to stay and the dog
stops it is saving its life or it is going to
go after a child mendoza say it has
learned to let go because there are
training centers where they do not let you see how
they train the
dogs I mean it is that way so
many people who speak speak from the
animalist point of view which is
[ __ ] [ __ ] these days and they have read three
articles and two people have told them
positive training is the best thing
that the dog is an animal that  he's a [ __ ]
animal at the end of the day he doesn't rationalize
things he understands better than other
animals by behaviors by voice by
sound by smells by situations by
attitudes but damn,
the treat thing is very good, the
Oh honey I'll give you a treat no no no
if the dog has to stop in
front of the road you don't stop him with
a treat or affection you don't stop him you have to
have a voice of authority and that voice
of authority is achieved when
the dog understands that if he doesn't obey that voice of
authority he's going to get a slap a
slap or a
punishment but as also happens when
we've talked about raising
children Here people
have also debated this the same way and
people take it very very hard
but the child doesn't get there no you don't have to
hit him ever Not a slap or a slap or
anything like that I mean
the child does understand if you talk to him
seriously or if you scold him seriously do you
understand me no no it's a
child's nonsense Why is the poor kid called
nauter
and uncle not  96
eh if you go disrespectful man some of
those in the discussion like that no man I mean a
joke a joke a criticism Yes okay
But that's a bit of an insult a bit
of free no so please that doesn't
hit no I mean no I don't like it when they don't do it
to me no or what And there see my mother
more than once has slapped me
and I don't say there's a saying that says
a good slap in time prevents a lot of
problems and there's an age in the nor is there
an age in children when you have to
give them a spank on the ass eh Because they
're going to Los Enchufes or because they
're trying to get into it you're Javier
[ __ ] but if it's that
I'm a good guy dude already eh the water or
because this and that is not hitting
children it's not that you go to school and they
hit you I mean people this nonsense
this of the brats that are on the
internet saying Oh this is one of those who
hits his children when they were little if they had to
give them a spank on the ass
why Because we are facing a
generation that  that those who are
under 20 or 25 years old today are
worth
24 25 years old you have to have friends
who are [ __ ] [ __ ] that are not even worth
taking in the ass because they have been
taught that life is [ __ ] and that
everything has to be given to you and what's up And what is that
look It's that they are abusing me and
you know it it is a generation that is not made
of glass it is a weak generation and it's
because everything has been taught to them With a
reward in a positive way so you
take a kid who came from the
streets of Cambodia a kid who
came from Spain and that kid from the
streets of Cambodia from a boat without having a
[ __ ] clue How a
boat is built you understand and the one who came from
Spain drowns and commits
suicide so these are things that many
times as we are in this society in which you have to be
careful what you
say because if you say something [ __ ] be
careful no well no you have to be careful
you think that or you think for example
this girl thought that no no no he
has to be positive  Hey perfect
girl I think it's perfect I made a
video for you because you start by saying I think
I'm [ __ ] she thinks I'm [ __ ] I understand that she thinks I'm
[ __ ]
Because I live a [ __ ] life and I
do [ __ ] things I understand okay
But look she learned something new she
learned the subject of the Osborne bull
that has nothing to do with
bullfighting [ __ ] well dog yes yes he thinks he's going to be
mistreated yes yes legally he
is considered an object eh
eh I'll see him off camera another
time by the way or something no but there's no
fight between them or what everyone
knows adas you know him inside
out you know when he's really threatening and
when he's not really threatening you know when he's going to file
a complaint and when he's not going to
file a complaint you know When he goes You
know Excuse the interruption But what
good tits does gibel lantada melon melon
back of her hand has good
tits gbel eh we'll have to see Those
golds so what surprises me
Is that people because of the hate that they have
for hate  that he has that it's normal
that I understand that there are those who are
not capable of saying host It's
true that if you beat up
a greyhound puppy, I mean, they end up at a
vet Where's the
vet's complaint but it's that apart from that,
I don't really care about the issue of expert reports, I
mean, That sounds very
good It gives a lot of weight to the matter, no
expert report but it's that when you
hire the expert report and with this I do
n't
want to see or I'm not saying that they
are false or true or anything, I don't get
into that, okay, it's just that it's not
worth it to me, I mean, no, for me it's
never irrefutable proof Not a capture
or an expert report or anything like that, I mean,
at the time they carried out an appraisal that
said that the dog er the dog was
different, do you remember and that appraisal was
finally thrown back if
I'm not mistaken So what can I
tell you? It's not that it's appraised Okay,
very well, but where is it appraised by a
party, it's a court expert what are you
trying to tell me and then apart  that
the conversation is real the context
if what is being said in
those conversations is literal or you don't understand me
So of course I don't believe certain people's
things let's say I
almost wouldn't
believe it girl it just does
n't make sense you know
what happened what happened with that
man who was
spamming jav says raael if you're going to
talk about
Dallas' confidentiality agreements I see
fear what the bucket But why are
the people who hate Dallas and me so much they
are like very evil man Look if you saw
how they were putting it there in the chat in
the sele chat how they were
putting them all man I mean I imagine
that it can be recovered if you see them I
don't know if it is left
uploaded explain Where is the complaint
of such a luan
from a neighbor s s is that to whom she
sent it to a conversation from a
neighbor to take it up the ass I mean the
conversation of the neighbor has to be
real it has to be a real neighbor
and then the neighbor is not what
they were saying in her day that
neighbor hears a scream and I hear my dog
yourself you know my dog ​​Javi I have never
seen bigger harassers than the ones
you have no they are not very
specialized things very very bad like that Look,
the creature was there
spamming copying and pasting Pin Pin Pin
what if I talk about
confidentiality agreements But what do you want me to
talk about again what we talked about
yesterday or what delox is saying that
with that all the confidentiality agreements have been broken I do
n't know the
truth friend that then years later he
saved that
message that the message message some
neighbors
from some neighbors at that
time a conversation between a neighbor
and another neighbor from that time now I don't
know
what I'm telling you what I'm telling you that it is
or rather first where the hell does that
chat come from and then and then
what Tyrion Tyrion many times you
scold him or take something away from him that I mean you take
something away from him uh yesterday for example he had
some makeup of my daughter in his mouth a
foam Okay and I went to take it away from his
mouth or rather zero aggression or rather like that's how
I am super
light and talking to him and he hits me
squeal my dog ​​is an idiot you
understand what I'm saying Damn I'm [ __ ] myself
a neighbor was
really annoying me because my dog ​​was
howling no no he no no he doesn't howl maybe he
can bark if someone comes home
like my father or something but suddenly
screaming please give him the glass of
milk now and go to sleep to grandpa no Jessica I
gave him to meare and for what I don't know Because
the neighbor Then he became aig look look
clear eh or rather me Show me evidence
of animal abuse and the only
evidence this girl has presented are
some wounds caused by mange that's the
only thing this girl has shown she hasn't
shown a tear a wound an
inflammation a vet report she hasn't
presented anything What happens is that the
internet idiots okay eh they believe it and that's why they
gave the dog to Dallas that's why they gave the
dog to
Dalas because not judicially that's not
worth it that's worth it to the
internet funa and for the people who are
against it But that's not worth it judicially
but of course a judge presents Hey
Give me evidence What  evidence you have
presented to me And this and this the judge says
Hey girl we are in a courtroom This is not the
internet that's what happens then
you go around as an animal rights activist and you go with the
animal rights groups and say this and that I
think it's great but where there is no
abuse there is no abuse I mean where there is no abuse there is no
abuse and I have not
seen a [ __ ] photo of that dog not
inflamed or with blood or with a
tear or a vet report or a
no the only vet report out
there is chip change this that other thing I mean be careful careful
here and the thing is that there is nothing else I
mean there is nothing else That's what there is
those who have committed a crime are them I mean
as I tell you and now it is not known
if it is Carlos Parlos or his [ __ ] mother that that
is the story and this trial that
now comes out like this this trial is why
the judge provisionally said
return the dog to Dallas it is because it is
because they are seeing the plan it has nothing to do with it has to do with
because obviously it
is the second time that it is
the second time and it is that they are seeing
the plan  man the dog years are passing you
know
Ian it's that I no longer know how to
explain to people that Dallas made two
approaches to solve that problem
two that I know two that I know and I know it I
mean I know because I've
seen it then I don't know if he has done more and
the answer has been tururu that I saw you
clearly and that dog could be there in that
house no but right now
the dasas is saying to
share it and that no that no that they
want to denounce that is the plan and not
have so many problems but let's see in the
end that it is resolved I mean I
tell you the same when I close the
computer to me marlos parlos and their [ __ ]
mother a [ __ ] like everyone else I
mean people are dismayed that
dog where is that dog going to go for God
but then people don't give a [ __ ]
[ __ ] Hey any dog ​​any cat
and any person I mean We are
[ __ ] hypocrites the Big boss you
reacted to the Peruvians denouncing
streamers What is that Thank you very much
friend Hey I just realized that we
have 19 super  chat of
50 and 100 new members people It's
hypocritical, I mean it can't be, we have to
help, we have to help why are you going to
help you [ __ ], look at what
these people are saying Ask your mother for the
10 to be able to go out and go out on the
street, you're [ __ ], I mean, that's it, the
dog is apprehensive to people but people
from both sides eh, I mean,
that's absolutely not, people want to see
the dog in Dubai running on the beach
and dasas crying with emotion
or what's up, [ __ ] You're here
too, well it's already 20, I don't know if I'm going to
hold out to record the video for the
main channel, it's 3:15 but I'm falling
down, what happens is that I think I'm going to, I
think I'm going to make myself a coffee and I'm going
to record another video for the
main channel, apart from the one you have in the
morning because if not I won't take it off and
because and because tomorrow I want when I
wake up he's with him with the brat all
day and if I have to start
recording a
video he wants to see  me with the dog in
Czechoslovakia that no longer exists eh
walking the dog and saying done
everything for my dog ​​people want that and
then we all give a [ __ ] [ __ ]
we all give a [ __ ]
[ __ ] What happens is the gothic case and it's
already clear it's gossip it's a move and they'll go
on television now and
Antena 3 will appear Oh it's that it takes me
vicarious violence but if you give what you want go [ __ ] yourself he
's told you
1 times that I've heard it that I've heard it
leave me alone we delete everything we leave everything we
remove everything it's all over
and The answer is turur Of course because what they
want is to denounce him and for them to be
believed and for them to believe their but girl
Well then that's it Well look you have
your version You have your point of view
so take it for you but Live a
quiet life live quiet and happy Hey there's this we have to
share this is
something that there's no other way to do it
Okay but no no no no they want the
entire Internet and everyone to believe him that
a murderer trafficker and all the
entire penal code And that's not going to
stop, it's not going to happen There will be people who don't like it
but on the subject of this one it doesn't
change even with the haters that
Dallas has this year eh with what
happened with Pam and all the stuff that there's
been a lot, a lot of hate, well not even with
that is it worth it, you understand, not even getting together
with all the haters, not of him but of
mine, mine, Tania, the planas, the this one, the
other one who,
[ __ ], well Live life well The years
go by and why waste it you know Well
you see it all here because I'm not
going to see more than me Eh I want to see it like
wool before I go I want to see it like wool I
was going to see a little bit of this but it's
that Z Z there is I don't know what This is a
girl who says that she wanted a
threesome with her What can I tell you, girl
and Turbo with her move, watch out what
this Twitter account called
Javi says El pelucas says It seems
incredible to me the
cowardice of the big streamers they
came out to collaborate and spread the word to
pay for Frank's divorce it costs but
not one  has come out to support or at least
mention that Dallas the biggest
piece of [ __ ] on the internet recovers a dog that he
abused I wonder why it is that
the streamers do not want to support
this case not because they do not believe it
turboplane of everything it is that this is just
the tip of liber
No I can not take it anymore come on let's go let's go let's go
[ __ ] jelin has posted this what
is
happening it bores me to infinity that they
come back again and again with the same thing from
10 years ago very fed up of living it from
the shelter and putting up with calls from an
unpresentable woman who swears to me that she is not going to
stop until she sees my son in
jail She tried with lies buah This
gives me the impression that it is going to get more heated eh I
mean the mother of Dallas already in full force says
an unpresentable woman who called her
on the phone to tell her that she is not going to
stop until she sees my son in
jail and she tried with lies
man
my mother my mother I wanted to see about the
hitmen but about the hitmen I'm going
to do it tomorrow  luare write down the
hitmen for tomorrow luare let's see him
from the
nilla How difficult is this bro n let's not
see him from al nilla and write down
the hitmen for tomorrow
please the truth is that no or with everything
we're going through well it's the
best decision Because we don't have time
and beyond I've always believed that this
kid has become infatuated with the
wool
eh About that, well, it's very comp you said I'm not
going to give explanations and Well, I mean, well, I
mean there's more, there's more things
beyond a we don't want to go into
details the point we're fine yeah as you
can see let's see save yourselves all those kinds
of questions and things because in the end it
's a private life and I only clarified
that it wasn't because of some issue of exa no there's no
boy or girl
involved they're simply decisions
kenji we yes I've seen it I've tweeted the
last tweets I
put them personal ones about her and me and that's
all knowing the capacity it says something that
is misinterpreted but no the truth is you
handled it very well like that  that's good and
nothing like that This but well things didn't well they
just didn't happen They just didn't
happen and well sometimes things
end but well eh don't ask
Why the truth is that Why it's not
like it's easy to say what I
can tell you is that it wasn't who the
[ __ ] cares if d made a Tri a
contract but it's that they are like
celebrating if the contracts are annulled
which is not the case or rather one is annulled and it's that
this trial man the one with the an
look that it was because he says he
signed without knowing
Spanish well and what That cancels the rest of the
contracts and besides it's not even firm
yet and besides Even if they
canceled all the
contracts why the [ __ ] do you want to know what
Dallas has done with
women to see if it's something spicy and
all that stuff For the cotio yes No but
that it gives you that satisfaction that joy F
something that has happened that you say no
something serious no I always supported him I supported him
unconditionally I supported him
unconditionally I always gave him all my
love always my support I was always very
detailed everything of me when  we moved out
alone I cooked for him I did the
dishes for him I did his laundry he didn't
have a car I used to take him I used to bring him
for over a year since he
started to to to do a little bad
relatively in streams and so you
can ask him geey he never fell there
wasn't a day that I wasn't
there to support him to accompany him I mean
people have a perspective
Uh I mean the relationship has been getting worse
lately things are really
altered and he has a really bad reality I
mean There are too many things that are said
and I see them and I say dude really If
they knew I mean how can they talk so much
[ __ ] If they knew that it's the complete
opposite I mean complete the opposite no longer yes
or Uh it's giving me an impression that I'm
going to give it to you when we finish watching
this compilation
Uh well trust you because this clip is mine eh
And I hadn't noticed it like that but of
course now seeing it one after the
other there's something going on here
Eh Good night old you already made me sleepy
face blowing a kiss a kiss Big Boss to
me  I have a little while left here
working I have a little while left
here
at 21 super chat of 50 Okay let's see if
we get to the halfway at least not so
I can get to the gentlemen tomorrow
but well it's time to do one of course
Here he is saying that everything is the
opposite of what people think
people at least what I've always
thought is that he got
hooked and that she doesn't love this guy I
understand you know
Alana is a beauty she's a beautiful
girl she's successful
eh For me
always Simply because of
him the tweet with which they
broke up he to say goodbye to the
relationship to announce the breakup well
like a romantic video a compilation
of romantic videos her No she was
good good friends See you
later but it seems that there is a
change here eh it's that if there is a
change it's not because he will stay
hooked on Lana it's not a matter of him getting
hooked it could be a
matter of
possessiveness of a possessive person who
considers that she is his aunt calm and
chil of balls and the heart If I
told you that  This year was a year of
stomping on my heart I think that's the
same thing that makes me smile
so much having gone through so many
bad things this year if I told you I
gave my little heart on a platter I
gave it and they crushed it they
stomped on it and I got it here when I saw
this client he wanted me that it was another another
fling that I would have had again you know they
crushed it and they gave it back to me broken if I
told you it's normal it's part of life we
all get our hearts broken from time to
time it's normal we all get hurt it's
normal and we have hurt Don't
forget that important thing we have also
been hurt and hurt and been hurt
but I do know that there are people who maybe will
never find the love of their life So to
speak Or maybe they had the love
of their life and lost it but I really do
think that everything has a reason I mean I
think that everything happens for a reason and that
God takes away and puts down for the greater good a
lot of that I was kept and I don't know
what this and that but let me tell you
the truth that's not true I'm clear that's
all I'm clear about
for a long time I've been working,
before I started streaming I
was working and I've been able to handle myself
and in fact I've been able to stay
alone in everything I've done Since I
left home here's Diego so they can keep
saying their usual things, I
mean I'm not going to lie to you, I did
n't tell him to shut up anymore gey I'm fed up with you
all the time
telling me that I treat him like [ __ ]
when you don't know
anything, you don't know anything, you don't have the no idea about
absolutely nothing, you don't know why
the relationship ended, you don't know what happened, you didn't
live the relationship and I always
swallow it all geey there's no one in which I don't no longer
want to turn the
page, they would have put the ones I don't stop
following Barca participates in a
dynamic where she has to choose a
girl, the video cited is a girl
exposing what she experienced with Barca when she
started with
Alana and then deleted it, so what do I do?
I want to make a comment at
that time I started talking
to Barca somewhat but literally
when he started with his ex he stopped
following me and that's it  I said this guy
about following the girls he was trying to
hook up with, I'm not saying that's the case, but it's a
sign of that. Thanks, I think it
literally burned you. It burned you.
Well, I'm not going to give any explanations, of
course. And the other one says, Oh, there were others, what an idiot,
taking it as something
good was unnecessary. Natalia, I think
you just left. They
would have put in the ones he didn't stop
following. Let's see what they were
saying. You, You, You, You,
and if it wasn't just once, eh, they left without
sharing, no, but we'll see. This one
was unfaithful to him. I don't want to give much
time to the subject. They were unfaithful to him.
I was caught, pissed off, they caught me for telling the
truth and honestly, I'm not going to
keep quiet anymore. The truth is the
truth is what it is. I mean, the truth is that yes, I'm sick of, I
think there's something very annoying, which is
when they accuse you of things you didn't do,
so I'm sick of me making
my new relationship public and them
blaming me for a past relationship, for many
other things. I'm just going to clarify several
things. What I said was the truth, I
have no reason to  making up something that didn't
happen is two eh a lot of what they
mention to me is my house, I have it because I
paid for it, the house is mine
because I paid for it, I mean, do people
really think that Diego is going to give me
a house? No, dude, he doesn't have his own
house, how is he going to give me a house?
The house is mine, I have an apartment, I
have my house, I bought it, I paid for it. Okay,
that's all there is to it, dude. I'm
fed up with how they always want to get
involved in that subject because I say, dude, that's
my [ __ ] case, dude. I mean, I bought it, I kept it because I bought it. Are you
really that stupid to
think that he's going to give it to me, do you think?
No, dude,
no, that's all I want to talk
about the other subject anymore, just saying. I didn't tell
lies, he smokes, no, no, he doesn't smoke, no, that
wasn't a cigarette, don't you
think so? No, dude, he does
n't smoke, he
's smoking, it's a
little straw, really, that's it, it's not impossible
that he smokes, he's super athletic. No, I don't
want to talk about the other subject anymore, I'm
just going to say.  I didn't tell lies, I'm
only telling the truth,
eh? No, I never want to get into anything
bad with Diego at all, the truth
is that even he has gotten angry, he knows
everything, he himself knows the things that
happened, the situation and what
we saw of him and it's castrating, castrating
but unfaithful. No, no, no,
my king, don't accuse me of something
that I didn't do, the truth is, of something that I did
n't do and I think I said it really badly, I
mean, I had everything in my head well
structured and I jumped at it like that with a
bomb and I let it all out in disorder. But and
with the wrong words maybe,
but the truth is that I don't even
want to
talk about it, but now I'm letting go of being your partner for
a Chivas player. Look, I'm going
to tell you
something. When I want to tell you this, I want to
talk to you later with Sebi, but when Seb and
I started going out,
Seb started going out, well, obviously,
many soccer players had already spoken to me before
and I've never gone out with any of them,
man, let's see how things are, guys
will write to these girls, but
we're going all out. We go out together  I
liked it I fell in love I asked to be boyfriend and girlfriend we
became boyfriend and no obviously I didn't
go out with another soccer player
also let's
see better stop going obviously no
obviously no and no beyond that
no he's my boyfriend he's good he's very good in
every
way he wouldn't have a
reason not I'm not going to leave
B the truth yes laa right now I'm in the
moradilla they bring me crazy crazy really
crazy but well since they don't treat me
nice they give me
attention I mean the truth is I think that
with Sebastian Beyond how he is
as a person I love him I love
the men that I have met they are the
filthy ones and I can tell you that he is a
super clean man and I don't know how
grateful I am with life that I
swear to you the majority of the
men I have met are the pigs
but pigs so disgusting disgusting I
started blocking a guy on
Twitter and I am
happier Let me know if you want me to
block you with pleasure Where are you
in Cancun you have no fight there no I
'm not there anymore  fighting I don't want to
fight again I fought I don't want to fight again really
well I liked it I don't want to take
that shot again because it's a
very hard economic shot it's a shot that
beyond what you spend preparing
for a fight mentally the wear and tear
is impressive mentally and physically the
wear and tear of fighting of boxing
ufam I don't I
mean I can't tell you I don't understand
professional boxers no I can't
tell you that what I can tell you is I
admire them well he left the chime a little
half he left the chim a little half I do
n't know why it's like he launched himself he was
going to launch himself not because he
exploded but then he left it
a little half we didn't have
the
[Music]
feeling I don't know the truth we wrote to him
to see if he comes and tells me the whole thing we
wrote to him he said a lot well let's see he
said it without saying it we all understood
no I mean I think what has become
clear is that in the end it is
the this time he said too
much but let's see yes we have not
understood no basically he said that the
other one was  a slob who didn't clean the
house, who didn't do anything around the house, and who and who
and who cheated on him and who did
n't have any money, the other one, of course,
because things were going badly for him, I mean, in reality, yes, he
said what's happening, that he
did it like she didn't
want it,
no, well, people, I'll leave it here, okay, I can't
take it anymore, I think in fact, I'm not
going to record for the main page, I'm
dead now I'm thinking about it. Well, I have to
see what Luare sent me and it
depends,
eh, it's that I'm falling down now I'll
see it, guys. See you tomorrow. Well, well, we'll
see tomorrow if we see each other or not. Tomorrow
is Sunday, tomorrow with Marina,
before the gossip, at least. Yes, we'll
see each other in the main page too. A kiss,
wizard. You were really there ZZ, suck my
dick. Tomorrow I'm going to see what you
sent me. I don't have time today.
[Music]